Hello everyone, they are with you
here is a news release from big bromine
it's camp it today release
Darksyders 3 to be but only after
reprints darksiders 2
passing game for grazing will take more
70 hours
Introducing the street fighter 5 trailer
which tells about the combat system of the game
Witcher 3 developers
I honor the total held
darksiders 3 to be but only after
reprints darksiders 2
the Nordic gay company made an official
preview reprint game darksiders 2
for the new generation playstation console
4 and xbox one
judging by the game developers
darksiders 2
definity and keep it the first step up
sanders 3
the program of the publication of the game will be
engage team gant fair game
which is known to be practically
of the former studio workers the widget is gay
the author of the original part of the series
the updated edition will work full
hd
where will be used improved
the lighting system is worked out by the hero and
other graphic effects other than this
reissue will include all official
additions that were
nai parts release game darksiders 2
defender edishn happen this winter
passing a game blowing with will take more than 70
hours already it seems that
Braid Platform Creator
Jonathan was creating his new game
declare with
makes her constantly more and more
almost two years ago this
An independent developer asserted that the game
not for 8 but for more than
thirty five o'clock now jonathan
Blow claims that the full
passing this amazing puzzle
take more than 70 hours
judging because it reported this game
designer on his twitter the other day his
the tester visited the studio to get rid of
new project
the shoulders of a guest gamer turned out
savvy in solving such tricky
task but not even looking at his rich
experience gamer was able to overcome only 97
percent gameplay on ending the game
There were almost 8 full days that is
it turns out that one hundred percent
passing game
more than 80 hours required
imagine a street fighter 5 trailer
which tells about the combat system of the game
studio capcom officially presented
your new trailer game street fighter 5
which tells players about the new combat
system of game system of variation system
options concluded under at about the main
components blowing that open on
as your hero will receive
damage unique skill in turn not
requires no scale to warm and on she
will be available to the fighter constantly
to hold this skill is necessary
press the middle hand and after
each character has its own foot
special and unique skill these
unique skills increase mobility
or give the opportunity to spend
defensive or offensive reception other than
of this
This skill contributes to the replenishment
scales
developers witcher 3 revered time
which users of their service jay
jay spent on the game
it must be noted that in george
exactly 700 thousand were registered
copies of the game witcher 3 wild hunt
if you take into account the general
game sales for the first two weeks then this
the number is 17 percent of the total
the number of players witcher 3 and that's just
these 17 percent have already accumulated in total
difficulties more than one thousand seven hundred and seventy
years and this is exactly six hundred forty six
thousand 50 days or 15 million
five hundred and 5200 hours of play
if you divide this figure by total
number to the player then on average every gamer
spent more than 22 hours in the game steam
monstrous summer season is open
sell-out
a company you would open your season
monstrous summer sales steam like
we learned this sale
last up until june 22 it's not
may not please
our cursory inspection steam offers
showed that more than 4048 were exposed
games to the word for the winter sale was
6140 games exposed anyway
list of sales of summer games can be
Much better thanks to discounts
which are updated within 12 hours
also do not forget about applications
days and so available games vary from
small andy projects and up to games
early access and no exception
their blockbusters become known
witcher 3
greensad auto 5 discount sizes also
has significant
difference from 10 to 90 percent on this we
We are completing our release with you was Arina
If you like, put a class
write reviews and subscribe to our
channel to new meetings new releases
until